9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China show. I'm Yvonne Man [music] with
April Hong.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Our top
stories, Asian stocks higher with
Micron's blockbuster outlook reinforcing
optimism over AI demand. SK Hynix among
[music] the gainers as it prepares to
raise close to $30 billion in a US share
sale. Alibaba shares drop in the US
following [music] allegations that it
used thousands of fraudulent accounts to
access Anthropic's Claude AI model. And
we hear [music] exclusively from
JinkoSolar about the Iran war's impact
on its Middle East business and plans
for expansion in the [music] US.
>> [music]
>> What you said it April really was those
Micron earnings that is helping to fuel
this AI chip rally once again and really
kind of diffuse some of the concerns on
the street about whether this chip rally
can continue or not, right? This
insatiable demand that they're saying
when it comes to a hyperscalers as well
continues, right? With that blowout
forecast, you talk about third quarter
was a beat as well. And you say Micron
is the new macro in some ways as well.
You add that with oil continue to slide,
I think it's a good day for Asia today.
>> Yeah, good day for tech. I mean, the
stronghold that you have among these
memory plays here. There are just three
big names out there, right? That we
really focus on. So, on top of Micron,
we're watching how SK Hynix and Samsung
also fare in trade today. And it is a
good day. Now, what the street is
telling us is also that these numbers
from Micron with $50 billion that it
expects to rake in in revenue versus
what some on the street were expecting
roughly 43, we are seeing how the likes
of city think that this shows that can
be more upside for revenues, but also
gross margins. You have the likes of
Wedbush saying that hey, this represents
how they may be in the early innings
when it comes to the memory and the chip
trade. We had some signs of perhaps red
flags at least as far as the commentary
from vital knowledge are concerned. It
acknowledged yes, these numbers are
good, but maybe when it comes to capital
expenditure maybe that's where the red
flag sort of is, right? Especially when
you consider the concern here for the
memory trade isn't about demand. It's
really about the extent in which it can
ramp up manufacturing capacity. And
earlier we heard from some of our guests
on the outlook for Micron.
>> The street is starting to get more
comfortable at growth rates for the
hyperscalers and the broader cap backs
of 40% plus. And what that means is that
these companies are going to continue to
grow faster for longer than most
investors expect. And despite all this
skittishness within the market, this is
just an over just a resounding
endorsement that we are in fact earlier
than the most believe in the build out.
>> I think it's the free cash flow and
their ability to step up and
start a bit more aggressive buyback was
one of the key surprise surprises or
takeaway. The other takeaway is
consensus for the August quarter was
around
$25 EPS. Buy side expectation was for 30
and they guided to they guided to 31. So
they continue to beat and raise and
generating a lot of free cash flow and
later this year when the handcuffs are
off, they're going to be a more
aggressive with the buyback.
>> So let's take a look at how this all
playing out in markets. I mean, no
surprises in terms of the after hours
reaction in the stock of Micron. And
this is of course
a counter that has already risen about
270% so far this year. Double-digit pop
there. We're also watching Qualcomm,
right? Another chip maker, which is, you
know, a manufacturer for smartphone
chips, but now it wants to expand to
data centers. It expects to rake in
revenues in the billions on that front
next year as well. And that's even said
to be making products tailored for
China. What is this going to mean?
Particularly for TSMC when trading
begins. Qualcomm is of course a key
partner. Take a look at how these Micron
numbers are dragging up the Nasdaq
futures, dragging up the gauges across
Asia, particularly the Kospi. That's the
standout there. We have AI also turning
into macro, right? So, unsurprisingly
perhaps that the likes of Barclays is
upping the GDP growth forecast for
Taiwan to 9% from 8.8%. Take a look as
well at what is underpinning the rally
we're seeing in the South Korea
benchmark today. It is coming from the
SK Hynix stock as it popped almost 10%
earlier. And this is following on its
unveiling of the $29 billion US listing
plan. So, really looking to capitalize
on the demand for memory. We're watching
other players as [clears throat] well,
including Kioxia in Japan. And TSMC also
running a bit higher in trade today.
Now, let's take a look as well at what
the setup for China is. A couple of
things we're watching on the tech front,
including Alibaba now fending off these
accusations from Anthropic. But on the
macro front, dollar China is sitting
above the 6.8 handle. And we also have
it at the highest level since about a
month ago. So, this represents perhaps
the unwinding continuing of the
debasement trade as the greenback comes
back. We had also China, right? It seems
to be tapping the euro debt market a bit
earlier than expected, a bit off-season
uh to the tune of almost 6 billion
euros. And a couple of other things
we're watching out of the PBOC as well,
Yvonne.
>> Yep, we're watching some lines, right?
We heard a little bit from Liu Jiawei
about what they're doing when it comes
to the short-term sort of liquidity. And
so, what they're talking about now is
they're going to add more of these
overnight reverse repo operation
instruments. So, they're adding the
overnight reverse repo types. Uh that's
going to start in about 4 days or so, so
June 29th and 30th. Uh and they also
talk a little bit more about the move is
to better handle short-term liquidity
needs. So, we've been talking about
overall, what does this mean, right? you
know, is this a policy shift in some
ways here and how they're looking at it?
They're saying the overnight reverse
repo to use a fixed rate. So, uh we're
still trying to get a bit more clarity
on what that means. Is this really kind
of a moving from the 7-day to the
overnight? And certainly, what does that
signal when it comes to the use of some
of these tools? But certainly, uh that
is one sign of them using more of these
sort of tools and maybe aligning a
little bit more like the Fed as well. Uh
we'll get to that story in just a bit
here. Let's bring in Jason Loy, head of
APAC equity and derivative strategy at
BNP Paribas. So,
you know, Micron seems to kind of ease a
lot of concerns out there. Do you think
that this chip rally still remains
intact for now?
>> Sure. I think when you look at some of
the major driver for the market this
year, certainly the chip has been by far
uh the most important driver of that.
Uh and what we have learned overnight is
actually quite interesting because when
you look at the market like Korea, uh
year-to-date it's rallied a lot, and a
lot of that is driven by the chip. And
when it comes to earnings, we have seen
the rolling 12-month earnings being
revised up more than 160%. In fact, the
pace is so fast that valuation failed to
keep up. We've actually seen a de-rating
in Korea. I think part of that de-rating
is a question that investors want to
understand, can these companies sustain
such a high pace of growth?
And so, we learned a little bit
overnight, especially when the US peer
mentioned about somehow that these
long-term contract could work. Because
previously, there's a lot of discussion
about we understand the chip market is
highly cyclical. So, in order to
mitigate that, these chip companies are
now introducing these strategic partners
or long-term contract. And we finally
start to hear a little bit about how
some of those payment will work. So,
that may help alleviate some concern
about the sustainability of these very
rapid growth.
>> People are trying to blame some of these
leverage ETFs, single stock, how many
times
ETFs in Korea that is really amplifying
these moves and creating quite a lot of
volatility. Would you say that it's
partly to blame? And and how big of a
risk would that be? [clears throat]
>> Sure. I think if I were to take a step
back at why Korea's rallying, we
mentioned a little bit earlier about
earnings. I still believe that earnings
has been and will remain the key driver
of the overall market direction. And
when it comes to these lever ETF, they
were actually relatively modest scale
for the better part of this year. In
fact, if you look at January to May, the
aggregate AUM was roughly about 5
billion on those two lever ETF listed in
Hong Kong. And then once you get into
late May, we now have another batch of
new lever ETF listed in South Korea.
Then the AUM started to grow. So, let's
say as of yesterday, we've now seen this
aggregate AUM of these lever ETF around
26 billion US dollars. So, it's
meaningful, but as compared to the
market cap of those two companies, they
combined they have about 2.5 trillion
dollar market cap. So, I think the scale
is still not to the same kind of
magnitude. Another thing to keep in mind
is that these lever product is not
unique to Asia. We have seen a lot of
lever product being launched in the US
over the years. And I think US has now
developed a be sophisticated way to
analyze the dynamics of these level
product. And I think it's still quite
new to South Korea.
>> Yeah.
>> And so I think the market is trying to
understand that with these level product
and these intraday or day end
rebalancing, how would that work? I
think the good news is that when you
look at the underlying liquidity of the
shares
and the single stock futures, for
example, those two semiconductor stocks
trade anywhere between 8 to 10 billion
dollars a day and their single stock
futures, the front month futures trade
around 15 to 20 billion dollars a day.
So if you only look at turnover, there
seems to be ample liquidity that can in
theory
accommodate some of those increased
activities that you see.
>> Jason, what are the risks though in the
meantime as Asia sort of adjust to this
product, the rebalancing at the end of
each day?
>> I think that's a fair question. So as I
mentioned earlier, when it comes to
these rebalancing, it's certainly a
learning process because these products,
these two times ETF, they have been
around for a while on the index level
and the market has some practice on how
to understand that dynamics. We've seen
that in Hong Kong market, in Korea
market, in Taiwan and in Japan.
I think the new phenomenon is more on
the single stocks where now the
positioning become a little bit more
concentrated. And I think the situation
in South Korea is more pronounced
because those two stocks now represent
about 65% of the KOSPI 200 index. So if
these stocks become too volatile, there
is this feedback loop back to the
broader market. But as of right now,
what we have observed is that the
underlying liquidity of the stocks and
the single stock futures seems to be
liquid enough that in theory they can
still accommodate some of the EM flow or
the DM flow. But also I think this
reaction is not linear. So if the market
is moving relatively small, I think it
does not necessarily create a lot of
concern. But if you have a big move,
then perhaps investor will We'll
anticipating some of those day end
rebalancing and how it could potentially
impact liquidity towards the end of the
day.
>> This is also I guess a representation of
the retail army in South Korea at the
time where maybe foreign investors, I
don't know, they rethink things given
the run-up we've been having
in that market. Talk to us about flows
you're seeing in the region as well for
South Korea, for Japan, for Taiwan.
>> Sure. I think indeed uh this is one of
the key topic we have received from our
clients. So, when you look at the fund
flow over the past uh 4 to 6 weeks, uh
foreign investor has been selling South
Korea. I think one of the key discussion
point we had is about uh being reaching
the limit in terms of their overweight.
I think that is true that a lot of
foreign investor have been overweight
Korea and maybe they want to take some
uh profit given how strong the market
has been. I think in addition to that,
volatility also plays a very important
factor. Uh year-to-date, KOSPI 200 is
now have a volatility of 60%. That's
almost double its regional peers like
Nikkei 225 and the TAIEX index. So, when
it comes to risk management, a lot of
them rely on models like value at risk
where volatility is a big part of the
input. So, you can get into a scenario
when the volatility of the market is so
high, it's forcing portfolio manager to
de-risk simply to ensure that they do
not exceed those uh value at risk uh
limit.
>> How Yeah, how do you add the macro? I
mean, the risks seem to be fading now
that you have oil prices edging closer
to $70. Does that lend you know,
investors more breathing room and maybe
a little bit more space to look at
beyond just the tech and maybe look more
at rotation now?
>> Sure. I think there are probably two or
three ways to look at it. First of all,
you are right that with the
de-escalation in the Middle East, I
think that generally speaking, the
appetite for risky assets should
increase. Uh we've actually seen some
kind of increase of general emerging
market allocation because previously, I
think investor view that emerging market
may suffer a little bit uh from the
elevated energy cost. I think that is
true. Uh but on the flip side, we've
also seen a very dramatic uh shift when
it comes to the US interest rate
expectation. Right, you may recall
entering the year we're thinking about
how many rate cut we could see. Even
though we were the one calling for no
rate cut. But then now we are flipping
to how many rate hike we can see and how
quickly those rate hike will happen. So
while we get some relief from the Middle
East, I think the market is not fully
settled on what's the next step or when
the Fed will hike. I think that will
also may have to dampen a little bit
about that initial optimism.
>> Jason, hold that thought. We'll have
more from Jason Lo, head of APAC Equity
and Derivative Strategy at BNP Paribas.
He's staying with us. And we're kind of
on the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Of course
futures we can you see are heading up
here this morning. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
>> All right, we are seeing what has been a
pretty fragile Korea market this week
and we're finally getting a bit of
relief here just given what we heard
with this news of SK Hynix jumping on
plans of course of some sort of US
listing here. So we are seeing the
shares up some 7% in Seoul coming off
just a little bit from the initial sort
of get-go from that news. But Samsung
are recovering quite nicely here up
close to five. The Kospi is now getting
ever so close to that 9,000 level once
again there. So we're talking a little
bit about this $29 billion
US listing that SK Hynix is planning.
Let's bring in our Asia Equity Reporter
Sami joining us for more. Yeah, I mean
what do we know at this point about
about its plans?
>> Yeah, it was widely expected. But then
it came yesterday and it is a pretty big
IPO that we're seeing here. The key here
is the liquidity. Now the investors will
have access in US hours. So they will
see SK Hynix as another way to trade
especially when it comes to arbitrage
trading as well. And it's becoming just
more liquid. That means that it has a
chance to re-rate and also to get a
better valuation. You know, SK Hynix now
trades at about 7.5 times forward
earnings. That compared to around 10 10
times for Micron. There is that steep
discount here. Even though
Micron itself is also pretty cheap. But
so that is something that the investors
are trying to resolve. I mean, they
think that it could resolve the US
listing. And also they would be using
this proceeds to go and expand their
capacity and also, you know, to really
use that to buy more
UV machines and just really funnel all
those interests that is in the memory
space.
>> With this interest in the memory space,
we've been seeing, you know, the single
stock
weekly options of a lot of interest here
that is garnered. But South Korea seems
to be delaying that. What does this tell
us perhaps of the jitteriness among
regulators or authorities there?
>> Yeah, that's right. The weekly single
stock leveraged options were
not leveraged weekly single stock
options were supposed to start on the
29th, but then they have decided to
delay that. We don't know exactly when
that's going to happen. All interest is
now in the ETF space, especially when it
comes to leverage. And the Korean
finance financial watchdog actually
regretted launch of these single stock
leveraged ETFs in these chip makers in
May because of the volatility that it
has been attributing, especially because
of the rebalancing that happens behind
all these dynamics. So, we also have a
huge C sub ETF that is tracking the SK
Hynix and and Samsung in Hong Kong here.
And SK Hynix one has become the biggest
in in the world globally when it comes
to AUM. So, the leverage ETF space is
something that we'll be watching
continuously.
>> All right, so I mean thank you Sumi Shad
there, our Asia equities reporter. Just
want to recap what we got here when it
comes to the fix, the PBOC setting it at
6.8209.
Uh that is quite uh weaker than what was
expected here, and that does mark, I
believe, a fifth straight day that the
PBOC has weakened that fix uh there. So,
it has reflected a little bit of the
dollar strength, of course, we have
seen, but there is also a sense that the
renminbi is, in some ways, still
stronger, relatively speaking, to its
basket of currencies, right? So, maybe
there's a little bit more of uh two-way
sort of movement that we're seeing in
the currency here right now. 6.80 that
we're seeing when it comes to the dollar
here. Uh still with us is Jason Loy,
head of APAC equity and derivatives
strategy at BNP Paribas. We haven't
talked about China yet.
How much I mean, there's such a
divergence between how people look at
the [clears throat] A-share market and
the H. Do you Do you see that changing
in any way for the rest of the year?
>> I think that's a great question, right?
Because I think the way that we look at
it, there are probably three
interconnected divergences happening at
the moment when it comes to Chinese
equity.
>> [laughter]
>> And they're all connected.
>> Yeah. So, the first one is this tech,
industrial material outperforming
consumer.
>> Yeah.
>> The second is the onshore equity
outperforming the Hong Kong-listed
equity. And even within the onshore
equity, we have seen small-mid cap
outperforming large cap. And they are
all interconnected because that's a
reflection of the current K-shaped
recovery that we're seeing in China. We
have seen retail sales being a little
bit soft this year because we've seen
the reduction of subsidies, but at the
same time, export remain very strong.
All the AI demand that we just discussed
earlier also remain very, very robust.
And with that recovery of PPI, it
naturally feeds more into the industrial
and material sectors.
And when you look at how the onshore and
offshore market is set up, a lot of
these tech, hardware, material, and
industrial stocks tend to be more
abundant in the onshore market. Whereas
in the Hong Kong market, in terms of
market cap, we're dominated by internet
companies that tend to be more
associated uh with the consumer
spending.
And when it comes to market cap, uh
again, the large cap are dominated by
financials and consumer, whereas the
small mid caps are much more tech,
hardware, material, industrial. So, it
created this rather unique situation
that for investor who are still bullish
on this global theme, they find a lot of
interesting sector and stock
opportunity, but they don't necessarily
being reflected on the index level
across the board.
>> So, apart from the index level and
investors sifting for opportunities in
the back half of the year, what are you
expecting also in terms of earnings and
how that might inform this divergence
we're seeing overall?
>> Yeah, I think that's a great point on
earnings because when we look at the
earnings revision so far across all the
major indices listed in China onshore
and Hong Kong, we have seen a gradual
revision on the way up for onshore
indices, especially for small mid cap.
But on the flip side, when you look at
the technology stocks, especially the
Hang Seng Technology Index, it's one of
the very few indices uh in our region
that actually have seen downward
earnings revision. So, I think one of
the key things that we're watching out
closely is that in the upcoming earning
seasons, do we see some early signs of
uh this anti-evolution playing a
positive impact on growth expectation
for these companies? And do we see more
uh guidance when it comes to the
monetization of AI for these uh internet
platform company that may be able to
help turn that sentiment when it comes
to earnings revision.
>> Among the things we're also watching in
the back half of the year are these
share sales, right? We just talked to
Sangmi about SK Hynix, but then we also
have Druid Pool. I mean, how is that
going to shape overall markets?
>> Uh I would say when it comes to these uh
placement of share sales, uh certainly a
reflection of the overall optimism uh in
the market investors are willing to
allocate into these uh
companies. I think another one that is
worth watching out for is that we know
that the memory companies in uh China is
also uh planning for IPO as well. And as
you mentioned earlier at the top of the
segment, that the big three continues to
dominate uh the market share. And
whether or not these Chinese company can
start getting more financial support
through listing to increase the
production capacity, I think that is
something also uh investor will be
closely watching out for.
>> Jason, always good to have you. Jason
Lowy, the head of APAC Equity and
Derivative Strategy at BNP Paribas.
We're taking a look at what comes in the
pre-market. Hangs in under a little bit
of pressure here this morning. We're
down about a tenth of 1%. Futures though
coming off some of the initial moves
there. We are getting close to [music]
seeing some gains, but we'll see. 680
for dollar China. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> All right, we have breaking news
crossing the terminal in terms of the
Korea Exchange now confirming an earlier
Bloomberg scoop about the delay of a
single stock weekly options. And of
course, this coming against the backdrop
of some jitteriness among regulators and
authorities as well. We heard some
comments from a top financial watchdog
chief earlier in the week as well. You
know, that regret in terms of not
delaying the launch of some of these
leverage ETF products. So, we are seeing
uh more signs coming in from the Korea
Exchange, that [music] confirmation of
the delay, Yvonne.
>> Yep, so they're trying to find ways to
kind of tame some of the volatility that
we've seen [music]
uh around the Korea market here. So,
certainly this is one of the latest
moves when it comes to delaying the
launch of these [music] single stock
weekly options. We got the open coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching [music]
the China show. We're counting down to
the open of markets. Couple of things to
watch aside from Micron reigniting this
optimism on the AI trade particularly
[music]
for memory makers. We are watching of
course whether we see the continuation
of these Chinese chip stocks and the
rally that they had just a day ago. On a
day as well [music] where we are
watching some of the macro indicators
with oil, you [music] know, in check and
the extent in which the Iran war for
investors seems to be the rearview
mirror. What that means for the dollar
at the [music] time where the US
exceptionalism narrative seems to be
coming back as [music] well. Dollar
China of course has been creeping
higher, Yvonne.
>> Yes, the breakout in the dollar
certainly been one thing to watch,
right? As Jason Loy from BNP Paribas
mentioned there. Yes, oil is back down,
but you look at the change in sort of
the Fed regime and the market's still
pricing in rate hikes towards the end of
this year. That certainly is one thing
to contend with here as well that it's
not really full on,
you know, you could still rotate into,
you know, the bond market for example or
other parts of this market beyond just
that AI trade, right? So, there's still
a bit of caution in some ways, right?
The macro risks out there. But then
again, we just got lines from the Korea
exchange confirming our reporting about
delaying the launch of these single
stock weekly options when it comes to
some of these big Korean names. Perhaps
that could add a little bit more, I
guess to say reassurance to this market
here on the back of this recovery that
we're seeing in Korea already thanks to
those Micron earnings. But China, as you
say, still low conviction here this
morning compared to the rest of Asia.
We're seeing we're pretty flat when it
comes to CSI 300. Shanghai comp is
slightly lower and getting ever so
closer to that 4100 level as well.
Shenzhen, even some of the kind of
darling stocks are doing okay. Capricorn
tech, CATL are
I mean pretty much flat right now. So,
it continues to be sort of that story
where Korea, Taiwan, Japan dominate
here. We'll continue to watch of course
some of the tech dispersion across the
A-share market which BNP Paribas did say
there's still a lot of interest from
their clients as well when it comes to
onshore AI plays here, the hardware side
of things, but we're not quite seeing
that here today. We talked about dollar
China, that's one thing to watch here,
right? So, it was a fifth straight day
that the PBOC weakened that fix. Just
given what we've been seeing, the
strength of the currency. Yes, the
dollar has broken out and has weakened
the renminbi, but it's still looking
relatively strong against other
currencies against the dollar. So,
that's one thing to watch in particular.
AS Tech, we're lower by about a fifth of
1% here. Watching Alibaba very closely,
this is according to our scoop that
Entropik is now accusing Alibaba of
illicitly assessing its AI models. We
are seeing the stock lower by about 1.6%
here, but we are seeing most of these
mega tech tech in China is heading
lower. Chips though, there you go. A bit
of relief there that you're seeing even
from some of the domestic names after we
heard from Micron here. This is sort of
what they see, the shortages of memory
are going to continue at least through
2027, they say. They don't see really
improvement according to the CEO until
2028.
Mont Touch Tech is up some six. Huahong
Semi as well as SMIC are more up about
1% or so. JD.com, interesting lines that
came through yesterday.
They're when it came to this fundraising
round, right? So, said to consider this
multi-billion dollar share sale in Hong
Kong. This is after of course that 2000%
rally that we've seen. So, there you go.
More fodder, more things to talk about
here when it comes to the fundraising
side of things for JD.com, the stock is
up another 7% April.
>> Yep, AI models, developers, you know,
they're doing well in trade today. But
also, I think what you highlighted,
right? Really the divergence as we uh
spoke with Jason Louie about as well
when it comes to onshore versus
offshore, hardware, software. And that
is really being reflected in what you're
seeing in this chart, right? Uh
performance so far this year of the
China X and how it's what? Gained almost
40% versus the Hang Seng Tech that is
languishing, that drag you get from the
internet names, the concerns on the
macro front as well. Uh given the
consumption data that we got also not so
long ago, investors really still
focusing on the picks and shovels of
this AI trade. And that is informing, I
think, some of the uh context that we're
seeing or hearing from commentary on the
street as well, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, Bank of America, a great report
coming through there from their global
research team. They've significantly
raised their 2030 global AI capital
expenditure forecast to $1.7 trillion,
which could create shortages of
materials and opportunities for
investors out there. For more, let's
bring in Maddy Jiao, co-head of China
equity research and head of APAC basic
materials, oil and gas research. You got
a big conference coming up this week.
I'm sure you're getting a lot of
questions about this number, right? That
you've highlighted in terms of the AI
[clears throat] CapEx spend. So, are you
saying that we're still kind of in the
early innings of this whole AI cycle
then?
>> Yeah, I think I think our global team
and also our Hong Kong China team were
very positive on the AI CapEx spending.
Uh we are expecting global CapEx to be
uh five times in the next five years.
So, from 250 billion to about $1.7
trillion by 2030. Uh in China, we are
also expecting that to grow from 90
billion US dollar to about $330
uh by 2030s as well. So, uh CapEx
spending uh increasing and a lot of the
materials and also the equipment side
are actually in a big bottleneck, at
least for the next
>> Yeah, which are the biggest ones that
you see right now?
>> Um, I would say quite a few areas, like
for example, the optical optical fibers,
um, all the PCB materials, uh, like we
are very positive on the glass fibers,
who used to be very oversupplied, but
because of the PCB increase in demand,
uh, the high-end glass fiber was now in
big shortages as well. Similarly to
copper foil, uh, yesterday we have one
of the major copper foil company's
chairman in our meetings. Um, he was
very positive. He was basically seeing
these shortages at least until 2030s.
Um, and even though a lot of the
capacity were ramping up.
>> Maddy, talk to us about how some of
these players are pretty much able to
set the price. I mean, you know,
we just take what prices they set. Uh,
given what you're expecting as well on
this CapEx, that it looks to be
you know, not held back in anyway.
>> Mm. Yeah, so, uh, to be honest, some
areas which are very tight, like for
example, uh, like the copper foil or the
glass fiber that I just mentioned, price
hikes were very frequent. Like glass
fiber price hike is on a monthly basis.
Uh, 10 to 15% every month. Actually,
this month, uh, the increase was over
50% as well. That is because, uh, like I
said, a lot of these sectors used to be
a traditionally oversupplied areas. And
then, uh, now because of the PCB,
because of the AI CapEx, a lot of these
area who used to be using in lithium or
in telecom, now has all been in AI. And
so, you are seeing this upgrade of
capacity from low-end to high-end, but
it takes time. Um, so, one side is the
emerging very fast-growing demand, on
the other side is a taking a long time
to, uh, raise your cap capacity. So, the
mismatch basically means the upstream is
also having a uh, upper hand as well and
price hike is quite obvious in the past
few months.
>> It's interesting also because this week
we've had the World Economic Forum in
the way in Dalian and some of the
signals from the premier, you know,
sounding very positive on innovation in
China along with, you know, support
potentially for the supply chain. What
are you expecting perhaps on the policy
front that can
kind of drive things along?
>> Yeah, so I would say that we expect
China CapEx to grow from 90 billion US
this year to 330 billion by 2030. And
then from a policy perspective, we
recently see government talking about 2
trillion RMB to be invest into the AI
areas as well. I think this will be
probably through the telecom company,
through the internet company, and also
through a lot of the government funding
as well.
>> What about the power needs? I think do
you think
the market's still underestimating the
power needs that we need when it comes
to some of these AI data data centers?
How do you model that sort of
>> Yeah, sure. If you look at like Nvidia's
models from 2022 the through the
potential 2028 models, we expect that
the data rent density to increase 100
times from So, that means you basically
need a lot more power to support that as
well. So, from a power perspective, we
are expecting
power demand at least to triple in the
next 5 years as well. Similarly, in
China, we also need to build a lot of
the power equipments together with the
global as well. So, we are also seeing
various new trends on the power
including like transformer, gas turbine,
ESS power storage, etc.
>> I mean most people think ESS and they
think CATL. But what what how would I
make a portfolio around these sort of
themes now.
>> Yeah, so for ESS, upstream, of course,
you have lithium. Midstream, you have
CATL and some of the other battery names
as well. And downstream, probably like
Sungrow, Tesla. These are the major,
you know, the ESS producers. And ESS
order has been very, very strong year to
date as well.
>> You alluded to some of this earlier
about the build-out in China. In terms
of the data center building, what is
the, you know, downstream impact perhaps
on construction, on industrial growth as
well?
>> Yeah, so we are actually seeing a lot of
the construction and industrial growth
that are very lean towards the AI
growth. For example, the grid, grid
investments. We are actually seeing this
five-year government policies, grid
investment, compared to the previous
five-year plan to grow by 40%. And this
year we are expecting grid investment to
grow by double digit as well. So that
benefiting a lot of the grid players. At
the same time, China is also trying to
export a lot of our
equipment on the on the on the power
side, like for example, transformer, gas
turbine related.
>> All right, we're going to have more from
Adi Jhaveri, co-head of China equity
research and head of APAC basic
materials, oil and gas research at BofA
Global Research. And just in time,
right? We took a look at what we're
seeing when it comes to oil markets here
this morning. Brent has now erased its
wartime gains here. So after we've seen
flows through the Strait of Hormuz start
to reopen here, there is now this
narrative in the market that we're going
to be seeing a swelling of supplies from
the Middle East and all the way from
Africa as well. So certainly that's one
thing to watch very closely here. I'm
watching oil markets very closely. We
did briefly drop below that 73 handle
when it comes to Brent. There you go.
And then when you take a look at some of
the sort of indicators, right? You take
a look at when it comes to physical
barrels, the price of that has been
lower. Brent's prompt spread also
flipping to a contango sort of structure
as well. WTI is already near or close or
at these sort of pre-war prices. So
there you go, we're back below 70 when
it comes to WTI. April.
>> Yeah, there's even this talk about maybe
the market's become a wash with too much
supply, right? What a difference a
couple of weeks can make. But we also
have among the things that central banks
are watching, data out of Australia when
it comes to employment. Note that these
numbers are highly volatile, but for the
May numbers you're seeing that rising
over 40,000 on the on month figure. So
that's a beat versus the estimate and
this data is coming along with what
we're seeing on the jobless rate that
having declined. So overall seems to be
validating the RBA's assessment that the
labor market remains tight and also in a
week where we did see the core inflation
or the trimmed mean coming in a bit
hotter than expected. We'll continue
tracking some of the market reaction as
well given what we're seeing in oil
prices. This is Bloomberg.
Let's track how Brent is doing. We are
seeing now the front end contract
erasing all of its wartime gains and
this is against the backdrop of flows
having returned through the Strait of
Hormuz amid the progress on the US and
Iran peace deal. We're also tracking
some of these oil counters, energy
counters in China moving along with
Brent prices, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, Manny Jurado of BofA Global
Research is with us. Perfect timing
really. I know you guys just lowered
your forecast for for Brent uh just a
few days ago, but so tell us a little
bit more about how quickly do you think
flows can actually normalize in the
street of Hormuz now?
>> Yeah, so uh yes, we lower our Brent oil
forecasts to about $70 for second half
and also next year as well. We are still
expecting a small deficits um for the Q3
because of uh still takes time for the
flow to normalize and then also for the
volume to arrive in Asia as well. Uh
however, uh into next year we believe it
will turn into again once this flow come
in. Uh one of the key reason of course
is the demand is quite weak um as well.
Uh if you look at last month's uh China
data, uh actually import was down 30% on
oil perspective. Some of them is because
of
um using strategic reverse or
commercial reserve, but I think also we
are expecting that the demand was
probably down around 10%. I mean the
real demands just on um on that month
one month perspective. Some demand may
be able to come back um like for example
some chemical demands, um but some
demand was actually permanently replaced
by using more uh electric truck or EVs
um and also turning to coal chemical
etc.
>> So you're saying some of it is
structural.
>> Yeah.
>> Some of it could be cyclical. Um
what else are we watching out for to
make sure that you know, I mean it seems
that we're gaining more supply in the
Middle East from Africa. I think I had a
guest yesterday say Venezuela can start
ramping up production.
I are we you know, it is the market
going to be swelling with supply?
>> Well, I I think next year yes, what
that's what we are expecting next year
it will be a surplus. However, for the
rest of this year, I think uh market
don't need to panic that much first
because uh at the end of the day we have
already run down inventory for more than
3 months, right? So a lot of the areas
will need to increase inventory as well.
And then for some country who might even
want to have more inventory than a
previous pre-war level because of the
energy security sites. Yeah, so but I
think the bigger concern is still more
on the demand on on like the permanent
demand damage.
>> You talked about how some of that demand
might not be coming back for China.
Although some maybe might be creeping
back. If you were to talk about the
proportion, you know, in terms of which
sectors and how that affects the numbers
if you had it to guess, what do what do
those numbers look like?
>> Yeah, so like I said, China's import was
down around 30% last month. So imports
accounts for about 80% of China's
supplies as well. So
just on the looking at that it means
that apparent demand is down 24% but we
think that that is is a two too high.
It's probably because China been running
down some commercial reserves as well.
But our bottom-up analysis probably the
demand was down around 10% because of
the high prices. So with the oil prices
coming back, we think some of the demand
will be coming back like the oil
chemicals
or like some of the using diesels as
well. I would say probably three or four
percent is a structural size while six
or seven percent is probably can come
back with these oil availability and
lower oil prices as well. But 3% is
actually quite a lot in this oil
markets.
>> Gold, I have to ask you. We briefly
dipped below 4,000. Right now, I mean,
is this rally, this bull market that
we're seeing in gold, do you think it's
over given the fact that there are a lot
of concerns about the strengthening
dollar now?
>> I think compared to like other metals
like aluminum and copper, gold in our
view is more of a belief, right? And
then also so compared to copper you
don't have that much actual needs like
building the grids, like the ESS, etc.
So
gold is more like whether the rate hike,
strong US dollar, etc. So, in the near
term, I think clients are quite
concerned on gold as well.
Also, another thing that will impact is
central bank buying. We started to see
China central bank buying in a gradual
phases. So, it really depends on at what
level maybe Chinese central bank or some
other central bank will come up to buy.
Otherwise,
from from a dollar from a huge from a
from a rate cut perspective, probably is
a losing the momentum to upside.
>> May I can I ask you as well, what sort
of assumptions you might be making on
the yuan for the back half of the year
and how that informs commodity prices
overall?
>> Yeah, so I would say that we are so our
house view is actually a US to to have a
75 bips rate hike for for for for the
next 12 months.
And then we are also expecting US dollar
quite strong as well. So, as a whole, it
it wouldn't benefit overall metals apart
from the but of course some of the metal
may stand out from a supply demand
perspective. Like I said, copper
probably will stand out from a supply
demand because very tight supply. And
then also we are still having some very
good support on the demand like the
green building, the AI building as well.
>> Talk to us as well about what the
leadership of Kevin Warsh is going to
mean for overall, you know, this talk in
the markets about the unwinding of the
debasement trade. I mean, a lot of the
assumptions that we made in the first
half of coming into this year, they've
been turned on their heads.
>> Yeah, so I think now the market is
pretty concerned on on on that as well.
But of course now uh this oil price
easing, probably the inflation risk is
easing as well. So, I think uh if this
oil prices continue to trend or as what
we forecast at $70, I think the
inflation risk will kind of ease the
market concern on the stronger US dollar
and uh and the rate hikes as well. But,
of course, um the the Fed's situation is
also one of the market concern that will
have overhang on the on the commodity
prices.
>> Mandy Thank you. Mandy Giles there,
co-head of China Equity Research and
head of APAC Basic Materials, Oil and
Gas Research at BofA Global Research.
Still to come, digital investment
platform Cyfe is going to tell us why
they are [music] prioritizing automation
and the adoption of AI-assisted tools.
The founder and CEO is going to be
joining us a little bit later on. Much
more ahead on The China Show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, we're talking [music] tech
still and a former president of Chinese
tech giant Baidu says he's confident
China's [music] AI players can convert
massive infrastructure spending into
real returns. Tsinghua University's
Ya-Qin Zhang also told us how the shift
to agentic AI will drive most token
generation to so-called edge devices,
such as cars, robots, and wearables.
>> You know, so we're moving from a general
AI to agentic AI.
And also, you know, the whole token
generation going to take place mostly in
the future on the edge, on your devices,
you know, on on the cars, on the robots,
on on the glasses, on on on
on the watches.
I would expect the future 80% of the
tokens will be generated not from And
the hyperscalers, not from data center,
but from from the edges. So, we see a
huge huge revolution and transformation
in how we manage and how we interact
with devices. What I what I call the
cognitive UI.
>> Can you separate the hype from the
reality in things like like Zhipu, their
latest model GLM 5.2 is supposed to be,
you know, the expertise is in coding for
agentic AI. They're talking about being
sooner than anticipated on par with what
Anthropic is doing and the like. But
again, they're bleeding money as as a
lot of these players are. So, where do
you separate the hype from reality?
>> Well, you know, Zhipu is a great example
of
the China innovation in terms of you
know, very high efficiency and
just like Deep Seek
flexible
architecture. And and with you know,
they generate code which are
you know, as powerful as the some of the
frontier models. But right now, AI is
still in you know, the infrastructure
still in the investment stage. In the
next couple years, it has to prove it's
able to generate the real income. It's
that it's able to scale to other part of
the economy.
Obviously, that is a a challenge, you
know,
but I'm confident in eventually we be
able to prove this
investment infrastructure makes sense.
>> Tsinghua University Chair Professor
Yaqin Zhang speaking with our Chief
North Asia Correspondent Stephen Engle.
Now, as we track these memory players,
one stock that's standing out as well
today, part of the tailwind for memory,
Kioxia. And we're also since hearing
[music] from some of its executives how
it's studying a stock split to make
shares more accessible. You're watching
the China Show. We'll continue tracking
market moves. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Look at
the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session. Looks like the skies are clear
in Shanghai here today. Looks like
that's the case when it comes to this
equity market as well. CSI 300 is
punching higher by about 8/10 of 1% and
there you go. You continue to see this
two-track economy, two-track market,
right? Look at MSCI China. We are seeing
declines of more than 1%. Shenzhen
though still looking pretty strong.
We're up 1.4 here this morning, April.
>> Yeah, we've seen these Chinese chip
stocks rallying as well on a good day
overall when it comes to some of these
makers [clears throat] of the picks and
shovels of the AI trade. You look at how
the Cospi's pulling ahead. It's
extending, piling on those gains from
earlier on in the session. Now, 5%
higher and Taiwan also not to be left
behind. We have of course in the
spotlight the likes of TSMC following on
from what we heard from Qualcomm, right?
Now, it wants to expand to chips for
data centers. Could rake in billions in
revenues next year. I guess one of the
signs of concern is coming from
regulators, right? Korea exchange and
how it's been announcing this delay of
single stock weekly options. Given these
wild swings we've been seeing in the
markets that have been amplified by the
products that are available in the
market. Take a look at how some of these
chip stocks are faring and then we are
what? Two hours into the session and SK
Hynix is, well, unstoppable, let's just
say. Following on as well from the news
we got that it's seeking that US listing
to really capitalize on things. $29
billion. dollars. That is what really
got investors' attention, the amount
that it's looking to raise. China chip
stocks SMIC, as I said, they're doing
well. Take a look at what we're seeing
on the macro front. Dollar China keeps
creeping higher. We did get some of
these lines from the PBOC on these
overnight reverse repo tools, which
we'll talk with our analysts in just a
bit, but continuing to see some of these
currencies on the back foot given the
resurgence in the greenback. Take a look
at Treasuries as well. It's been
interesting, right? The reversal of the
very popular steepener trade that we've
been seeing following on from Kevin
Warsh, of course, taking the helm. The
two-year holding flat at 4.14 for the
moment, but this is coming despite what
we're seeing in oil prices that
continued slide there towards the 70
handle. And of course, we saw in the
Asia session Brent pretty much erasing
all the gains that we've seen in this
period of the war. Is on.
>> Yeah, certainly that is a sign of maybe
that risk assets can continue here
today, right? You talked about the
Micron earnings and the forecast there,
which was quite a blowout number. There
certainly is helping to fuel the tech
trade here today amidst some of these
worries about where we are when it comes
to this chip rally. The dollar is also
breaking out and rallying sharply
through. So, that does still put some
pressure when it comes to risk assets as
well. Let's bring in our markets
reporter Anthony Stevens on really how
you're her looking at things. I mean,
obviously Micron was a good sort of
relief for a lot of us that are watching
the the chip rally, but can it spread
beyond just the memory chips?
>> Yeah, so the 85% odd margins that
they're looking for into the fourth
quarter, and that is a shortage level
margin, right? So, that's feeding into
the broader chip ecosystem here. You're
seeing Taiwan, all of the server plays
are very strong. In Korea, obviously
memory is strong. That is a pretty much
one-to-one delta with Micron. So, it's
no surprise Hynix is trading really
well, Samsung is trading really well.
But for Hynix, what is very interesting
is, you know, they went out and raised
$29 billion and the stock's up 10%. That
is so rare that it bears repeating. They
raised $29 billion and the stock is up.
And that is because they're using that
money to fund an expansion at margins
that are in the 70 to 80% range. So,
it's an absolute spigot of cash flow.
And that is feeding now into the
Japanese sector. You're seeing the
Japanese market being very strong and
that's because the Japanese have a huge
chokehold on the chip materials, chip
testing, chip packaging parts of the
semi ecosystem. So, if there is a
shortage, these people have a kind of
order books that stretch into the years.
So, today we're seeing a kind of a data
point for Micron and Qualcomm as they
expand into data centers. Uh data points
that show that this is a multi-year
structural bull market and that's the
reassurance markets have been looking
for for weeks of this volatility.
>> Yeah, I was talking to Shirley. Remember
joking in the makeup room about these
margins of Micron, 86%.
They're They're bigger than even Hermes'
margins. [laughter]
>> It's bigger than their rolling margins.
>> Yeah, let's talk about the dollar
though. It seems like it's about to
break out in a big way here. How we set
up before the PCE data?
>> Well, I think so. PCE and Micron
actually tie in together quite nicely,
right? Is how much of this AI boom is
going to come into US economic growth
and inflation that is aside from
transitory shocks from commodities. And
that has been Wash's entire narrative,
right? I want to see inflation that is
from growth, that is from wages, that is
from construction and not this
transitory stuff from energy or food
prices. And if we do see that coming
through in PCE, and PCE has been
trending higher, that can lead the
dollar into a proper breakout offer like
a multi-year range. It's already jumping
the gun in terms of like short dollar
risk assets like Bitcoin, gold, silver.
Those are a lot more vulnerable. Europe
broke earlier 1.14. So, there's a lot on
the docket today with the PCE.
>> What about oil? We're seeing the
continued slide.
>> Well, oil is, you know, one of these
dollar assets that will get hurt if the
dollar continues to rally, but in this
case there's also the fundamental driver
of the glut of Gulf oil coming on the
market, and you're starting to see a lot
of regional benchmarks in the oil market
in the Gulf going to contango. Now,
Brent has followed, uh and what is
really going to be interesting is
whether oil volatility also follows. The
more oil volatility falls, the less
relevant it becomes to risk assets, and
we can slowly start to take oil off the
table as a material mover and
concentrate fully on the AI trade.
>> All right, Anthony. Thank you, Anthony
Stevens there, our Bloomberg Markets
Reporter. Uh back to one of our top
stories now. The PBOC is introducing an
overnight tenor into its open market
operations on June 29th and 30th. A key
step to reshaping how it steers
short-term borrowing costs. Joining us
now is Becky Liu, head of Greater China
Strategy and Asia Rates at Standard
Chartered Bank. Yeah, she she could
teach a class about this, really, Becky.
Every time we get you on, it's such it's
such a a good discussion. Um walk us
through the moves that we've seen,
right? We we started to hear a little
bit more about more focus on the
overnight repo rate and the like. Is
this just how close are we? Are we
making the overnight rate into something
of a main benchmark policy rate?
>> This will remain to be a journey. So, if
we look at the latest announcement of
the new FEMA facility, the new a
temporary uh overnight repo facility, uh
both of these facilities are still
taking the seven-day repo as the
benchmark. But clearly, the policy
makers would want to focus a lot more on
the overnight rate so that they have
more effective control on short-term
interest rates and liquidity conditions.
So, we we believe that over over time,
the overnight repo will become more and
more important, but it's not going to be
a immediate uh change. Uh what we will
like uh what would like to focus on uh
from here would be first, of course, is
the uh the the the rate, the interest
rate they will operate um next week. And
second, how frequently uh these
overnight open market operation will be
conducted. Would that be a regular
operation like can be done on a daily
basis or it will only uh happen during
time of uh tighter liquidity conditions
such as quarter end.
>> The 7-day reverse repo rate is now 1.4.
What are you expecting in terms of this
overnight rate? And what could it tell
us about signals from the PBOC?
>> Sure. Uh if uh we are seeing a neutral
situation, i.e. a no rate cut situation,
1.3% would be about right. Because uh
the gap between uh the uh the uh the the
the 7-day and overnight uh was about uh
15 basis point for the last 12 months,
uh but narrower uh closer to uh like 8
to 9 basis point year to date. Uh the
average uh overnight repo in the last uh
12 months was also around 130. So, if uh
we have overnight OMO at 130 and a
14-day at 140, that would be a neutral
signal. But if we do have the overnight
rate at 125 or lower, uh we see that as
a de facto rate cut.
>> Becky, some of the recent changes or the
signals of changes
uh market participants say maybe geared
towards plumbing towards liquidity.
When it comes to the PBOC and the shift
towards what the developed market
central banks are doing, what is left in
there that they need to do?
>> From the PBOC's perspective, we almost
see no chance for them to tighten in the
foreseeable future. When we look at
China's domestic fundamental uh factors,
the organic inflation remains to be very
low. The bulk of the inflation comes
from higher energy prices, which would
uh in our view would be uh one
transitory and second, the bulk of those
will become export of inflation rather
than a uh a revival of domestic
inflation. Uh and on the other hand,
when we look at the um uh China's uh
credit growth, uh it's one way heading
down. So, if you look at household new
loan growth, it's uh turning to the
negative territory. Uh outstanding
mortgage loans is outright declining.
So, from all these factors combined
together, we don't really see a chance
that China should be tightening monetary
policy anytime soon. If anything, uh
they should even uh slightly lower the
cost of funding uh from uh both the
bank's liability cost point of view as
well as from loan rates point of view.
So, another uh thing to watch out for in
our view during this um uh policy rate
transition is that whether they're going
to change the pricing mechanism of the
loan prime rate, i.e. the LPR.
Currently, one-year LPR is at 3%.
Five-year LPR is at
uh 3.5%. Both of these are very high
level compared with the uh actual cost
of lending in the banking sector. So, uh
we don't rule out the possibility that
the LPR pricing mechanism will also be
changed to tie more closely with the
overnight uh repo rate or the overnight
rate, uh which would also um again a de
facto rate uh rate cut from here.
>> And going on in the background also is
the push from China on the
internationalization
of the RMB. I wonder what might the
streamlining of the interest rate
mechanism actually mean for that
endeavor?
>> Uh the streamlining of the interest rate
system what means that China is
gradually moving into a more mature
system uh where the central bank would
have greater control and more effective
um uh more effectively managing the
overnight rate. So, the overall um uh
framework will lead to a decline of
short-term volatility uh or or uh
volatility of short-term interest rate
in the domestic market uh and making uh
the the funding of the
uh the CNY rates more stable. So, on the
broader context of the RMB
internationalization, we see them
introducing a number of other measures
including for example uh repo facilities
for foreign investors and also the
latest FEMA which is effectively having
the PBOC becoming the lender of last
resort for many of the central banks
that are holding CGBs or other Chinese
bonds on their as part of their FX
reserves. So a more stable situation
when it comes to liquidity definitely
support the willingness and incentive
for foreign reserve managers to be
holding Chinese onshore assets.
>> The renminbi, I mean I think it's been
in a long window appreciation. We
started to see the PBOC weaken the fix
last couple sessions here.
Do you think these are signs that the
appreciation could slow from here on
forward?
>> Indeed, we believe that the pace of
appreciation will quite likely to
slightly slow down from here. So far
this year for the most of the time the
CNY's pace of appreciation has exceeded
the pace of the forward curve.
And over the last few sessions it's
underperforming. But the backdrop is
that dollar has been rallying. So under
the broader context CNY remains to be
quite resilient. But the thing is that
we are indeed starting to see a further
widening of interest rate differential.
We are talking about 300 basis point of
rate differential between short-term CGB
and US Treasury rates 250 on the back
end. And then this trend might even
widen further because we as we said we
we we see room for China short-term
rates to decline from here and market is
pricing in high probability for the Fed
to hike. So from the CNY's perspective
how we see is that we don't think this
is going to be the end of its
appreciation. It will continue to
appreciate but probably quite similar to
the pace of what the forward curve is
pricing in and a pace that's slightly
slower than what we have seen so far
this year.
>> Becky, the thing about the yuan
appreciation also that market
participants have been highlighting is
how it seems a bit distracted or moving
away from the fundamentals. I mean you
look at what is happening macro. You
know, consumption, retail sales, that is
continuing to be a concern even at a
time when they're trying to rebalance
the economy, right?
How long do you think that dynamic can
continue to your point about, you know,
maybe
the climb slows a bit further?
>> If we purely look at economic
fundamentals or momentums, it has indeed
started to slow down since April this
year. But if we look at other currency
fundamentals, it's actually staying very
strong. For example, balance of payment
situation,
a trade surplus still near record high.
And if we look at China's export
momentum, it's rising again. And once
you dig into the details, you you also
find that all these export strength,
it's still very much structural. Either
due to strong demand for new energy
products or industrial upgrades, or
China is also benefited from this AI
cycle
across semiconductor exports as well as
other related hardware exports. So from
our perspective, if we purely look at
currency fundamental from balance of
payments perspective, it's staying very
strong. The only thing that's less
favorable would be interest rates. The
rate gap between the CNY and the rest of
the world has been widening and our
belief is that it will quite likely to
widen further from here because we are
still talking about monetary policy
divergence. But when when we look at the
broader context of the things, foreign
ownership in China
domestic assets, it's still very near
record low. We only started to see one
month of foreign funds returning to
China's bond market in May after 12
months of consecutive outflows. And
foreign holding of all the other assets
remains to be very, very much
underweight. So there's nothing to be
sold by foreign investors at this stage.
And from the Chinese corporate's
perspective, if they still continue to
see hefty trade surplus, the odds is
that CNY will stay very much supported
despite lower interest rates.
>> Yeah, Becky, thank you. Becky Liu there
joining us there, head of Greater China
strategy and Asia rates at StanChart
Bank. Uh we're taking a look at what it
comes to Alibaba here. The shares
continue to see a lot of pressure and I
think we're around the session lows for
the stock here right now. So, we're down
about more than 4%. This is about on the
back of our scoop of Anthropic accusing
Alibaba of waging a large-scale effort
to illicitly access its cloud AI model.
So, they're just talking about using
thousands of fraudulent accounts that
could undermine, of course, uh the UI US
AI developers decision to keep its
products out of China. We're going to
talk a little more with Bloomberg
Intelligence's Rob Lee about the impact
this could have on some of the other
sort of AI players in China and their
expansion plans as well. April.
>> Yep. We'll talk about that and also
after the break, we speak to the CEO of
digital investment platform [music] Syfe
about the company's fundraising and
expansion plans. Dhruv Arora joins us
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, we are looking at, of course,
what's been going on in Korea here. This
rebound is underway. Plenty of news when
it comes to the Micron earnings and then
you have the news of SK Hynix playing
this US listing is enough for those tech
bulls to continue here today and really
buy on the dips that we've been seeing
this week. So, SK Hynix, there you go.
We're up close to 9 and 1/2%. Uh this is
the C stock SK Hynix daily two times
leverage ETF that is also surging here
this morning. So, certainly we've been
talking about the these single stock ETF
moves that we've seen that has really
been amplifying a lot of the volatility
out there. We did hear from the Korean
exchange this morning that they were
going to be delaying the launch of these
uh single stock weekly options as well
as a way to maybe tame some of the
volatility out there. Let's get more on
really what the retail sentiment is at
the moment. Dhruv Arora, founder and CEO
at Syfe. It's a Singapore-based wealth
management platform with more than $10
billion in assets under management,
having also expanded to Hong Kong and
Australia. Drew, it's great to have you
back uh in your former home of Hong Kong
as well.
>> Thank you.
>> But, there's so much going on when it
comes to the retail market here right
now, uh whether it's leveraged ETFs and
really kind of buying in on this AI
trade in in North Asia. What are flows
telling you now?
>> Yeah, I mean, you know, we've always
believed that retail is a a force to
reckon with and if anything, you know,
the movements of the last year or two
have actually shown that, right? Uh of
course, last year the key theme around
AI, around tech. Now, we are seeing like
7709, it's consistently on the top five
ETFs that we are seeing in Hong Kong. Uh
so, definitely, you know, they are
obviously a lot more indexed on AI and
tech. The only little caveat that I'll
bring is that it's bringing some sort of
concentration risks, which we can talk
more about. Uh but, definitely, the
activity is at all-time highs quarter on
quarter, you know, new trading records
on our sides.
Um and yeah, we're here to stay.
>> Uh tell us about the the concentration
risks that you see.
>> So, if you think about it, right? Like,
take Cospi, right? You've got like
roughly 40 45% on the index now in a
couple of names. Take Taiwan, you've got
40% in one name. US also is like, you
know, 10 names at like 40-odd percent.
So, the thing was people always thought,
"Hey, let me track the index because
that is passive, long-term, diversified,
>> Yeah.
>> you know, investing." And the question
is, is it really diversified? And and I
think that's something that, you know,
we have been talking a little bit more
about and we are seeing customers also,
to some extent, act on it. Not everyone
because, hey, it's doing well and it's
where the direction is. Uh but, a simple
checkpoint is our non-US trading
activity is up 2x, right? As a
percentage weightage. Uh but, of course,
the key driver does remain in the US
markets and of course, you know, some of
these leverage names as you're seeing.
>> Drew, given the volatility in the
markets also, we've been seeing this
pick up in active investing and what
seems like an explosion in trading. Is
that impacting the business growth?
>> Yeah, I it is and I would say it is
positively, right? I mean, going back on
that whole aspect of the concentration
risk, I think what we are seeing is that
just the classic let's buy an SUI or
just BYVO, that alone doesn't do it,
right? And we actually launched one of
our active you know, products, right?
Which was in partnership with JP Morgan
and if you saw the performance in the
last few months, it has outperformed by
3 or 4% because people do realize that
hey, an element of this activeness is
actually required. So yeah, the short
answer is and and I think what's really
interesting is because the retail has
been through few waves. We're talking
about the waves that happened in '21,
'22, the ups and downs. I think they're
a lot more savvy than before but still
of course, you know,
the Elon factor remains strong in some
cases and that doesn't change, right? So
>> The active ETF strategy with JP Morgan
is interesting. What does it tell you
about your size product pipeline? Is are
you pivoting more towards some of these
actively managed sort of offerings now?
>> Yeah, I think our goal has always been
around what we say the three A's, right?
Like access, advice, affordability,
right? So I think as people were seeing
this concentration risk, there was a
demand could I actually have a bit more
of a managed component. So the way how I
see it is that we will predominantly
still see passive investing. The
diversification needs to be better,
absolutely but components of it will
start going into active, especially in
times like this, right? Because if
you're talking these major markets in
the world essentially run by a few
names, you don't know what you're really
buying into. You saw recently with the
IPO inclusion, right? What you bought
into might not be what you're selling to
in some ways.
>> Right, right.
>> Yeah. Dhruv,
can you talk to us as well about what
fees are like? What are you expecting in
terms of revenues and what are the
chances of growing margins? What's the
outlook there?
>> Yeah, you mean for us as a business. So
I would say that for us like
yeah, so the good thing is that because
we've been a very tech-enabled platform,
always kind of built our tech
predominantly in-house, our gross
margins are actually in mid-90s, and
that would remain. And in fact, if
anything, it further accelerates. Uh
furthermore, recently uh as we acquired
an ASX-listed platform, SelfWealth in
Australia, uh that also now allows us to
bring in, you know, synergies. So,
quarter on quarter for the last, you
know, I would say now almost six
quarters running, we have been hitting
like, you know, new highs. And I think
as the retail interest on increasing,
and retail becomes, you know, a lot
more, I guess, involved, and the
strength that we are seeing saving to
investing, right? Which is obviously a
key theme we talk a lot about in markets
such as Australia, such as uh you know,
Singapore, and even to some extent in
Hong Kong, we only further see that
trend accelerating over time.
>> Yeah, we're seeing sort of the wealth
management market, it's diverging to two
camps, right? Very AI-driven,
technologically driven, and and then
there's a traditional face-to-face sort
of wealth management.
>> Yeah.
>> Where do you sit? Where does Syfe sit?
And and how do you compete with some of
these major banks out there that are
offering more digital wealth options?
>> No, absolutely. And uh I think you make
a very good point around what really AI
means. And I actually think we obviously
were a digital first and remain digital,
but we are skewing to AI a lot more than
maybe some of these other, you know,
platforms, because we can, right?
About 87% of all our code written is now
written using AI. And the kind of
features that we are launching now for
our customers, which were just not
available. A simple example is today,
and it's live in beta now, you can go
and have a search where you can say,
"Give me S&P minus Elon." And it'll give
you a basket of stocks. Now, these are
the kind of things when I was a trader
back at UBS, we would offer to people
like, you know, for hundreds of millions
of dollars and [laughter] pretty lumpy
fees.
>> Yeah.
>> So, somebody now with a thousand, two
thousand dollars can get this, uh even
though I think the searches are more
like S&P Elon plus plus. But but the the
premise remains that this kind of stuff
or Trump China visit or, you know, US
rate hike,
a very simple query, and a personalized
view that can be exposed. Uh, so we see
a huge inclination towards here and
because we've always said advisory needs
to be scalable and it needs to be
personalized, I think what AI will
enable is for that. So yes, so we are
definitely leaning in out there.
>> Dhruv, great to have you. Dhruv Dhruv
Arora there, founder and CEO at Syfe,
joining us here in Hong Kong. We got
plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
Take a look at Kioxia with its AGM
underway today. We are seeing the stock
[music] running high following on from
Micron, but also we're since hearing how
it plans to list US ADRs in April
[music] or May next year. So these
memory makers are looking to raise
capital in the US. We're also hearing
how [music]
it's considering that stock split. We'll
continue dragging these memory makers.
This is Bloomberg.
Right, it's 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo and
Japanese markets are going to break
[music] in a minute. Looks like a pretty
dreary day in the Japanese capital, but
if you look at the stock performance,
it's really going against the grain
there, right? Following on from those
Micron earnings, AI investors are in a
really optimistic mood. Uh, you are
seeing the memory players, not just uh,
Micron or SK or Samsung, Kioxia is also
running higher today. That's helping to
lift the Nikkei. We are seeing among the
other tech stocks that are getting
ground include Tokyo Electron and Disco
as well. All this coming at a time where
dollar-yen is inching ever closer to the
162 handle. Okay, taking a bit of a
breather for the moment, but this is all
of course coming against the backdrop of
the resurgence in the greenback, Yvonne.
>> Yeah, I mean this Kioxia plan, it could
be interesting, right? So, they're
planning to list its ADRs in the US
around April or May of 2027.
So, this is kind of following what we've
been hearing from many chip makers,
right? SK Hynix was the one that really
made that announcement uh earlier here.
So, certainly you're seeing more of this
pattern of maybe looking at ADRs as a
way to capitalize or really fundraise.
So, certainly um that is probably what's
lifting Kioxia as well and more news
when it comes to the chip sector here.
Maybe more of the legroom here when it
comes to this AI trade, right? There you
go, 8% gains for Kioxia here right now.
Um we're watching the rest of Asia.
That's really kind of helping overall
the benchmark here. MXAP is up more than
one. US futures are punching uh
substantially higher here up about half
of 1%. Uh of course obviously what we
saw with Micron, you know, in the after
hours surging some 15%. It could do
pretty well uh on Wall Street when
things open up. And the Bloomberg Dollar
Index is also cooling down a bit. So,
this sort of big move that we're seeing
uh when it comes to of course the
greenback, that certainly uh takes a bit
of a pause and that's really helping
risk assets here today. Energy certainly
is the one thing to watch here given
that we have seen oil prices now back
sub-70 and really erasing all the gains
that we've seen when it comes to Brent
uh since this war began. That certainly
is also helping risk this morning. Uh
there is one thing to watch though is
Alibaba, which continues to deal with a
lot of geopolitical sort of headwinds of
late. Well, what's we learned recently
as Bloomberg uh is reporting that
Anthropic is now accusing Alibaba of
using thousands fake accounts to
illicitly access its cloud AI model. The
US company says rivals including Alibaba
may be trying to build chatbots cheaply
through a technique known as adversarial
distillation. All right, joining us now
to unpack all that is our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Robert Lee.
Tell us a little bit more about these
allegations.
>> Okay, well, first of all, this is not
the first time Anthropic has made such
allegations. I think 6 months ago or so,
it came out with a a similar statement
accusing uh Moonshot AI and uh MiniMax,
which are two uh AI startups in China of
a similar distillation attack.
So, again, for those of you who are less
familiar with what distillation is, I
think the best analogy is to consider
something like a master of a trade,
somebody who has built up their skills
over 30, 40 years. They know everything
there is. They've got real mastery.
Whereas, if they took on an apprentice,
their apprentice doesn't have 40 years
to learn that trade. The master just
needs to pass on the essential knowledge
to put that apprentice to useful work,
whatever it may be. That's the best
analogy to consider this. So, the
allegation is that Alibaba and
previously other Chinese firms have been
illegally accessing Anthropic's models,
uh basically pulling data from them in
order to speed up and accelerate the
training on theirs, which ultimately, if
that were proved to be correct, would
save the Chinese firms a lot of money
and allow them basically to cut corners.
Um so, that's the allegation. I don't
think there's been a response from
Alibaba, I should say at this point. I
would imagine they're probably going to
refute these claims.
>> You think this could ultimately lead to
a full US ban on Chinese models. Why?
>> I think that's the risk. You just got to
look at the direction of travel. I mean,
was it a couple of weeks ago we had uh
the White House putting a uh ban on
foreign countries accessing Anthropic's
most advanced models. Um I think again,
although they didn't explain explicitly,
it also ties into this concern about
distillation.
Um and also, we've recently seen a
number of Chinese firms added to the DOD
um list and also the Department of
Commerce list. So,
I'm not suggesting that uh ban is
imminent, but again, that is the
direction we are taking and I think the
US administration appears to be taking a
more robust approach to this. So, I
think if companies were to be banned,
again, it's those with more direct
allegations against them. Again, the
likes of the smaller companies, whether
that would include Alibaba or not
remains to be seen.
>> Yeah, talk to us about that. I mean, if
we do see a full ban, which Chinese
firms would be most exposed?
>> Simply put, I think it's the ones who
are more clearly targeting overseas
markets. So, first of all, who's less
likely to be impacted? The likes of
Tencent and even ByteDance. Their AI
strategy is mainly focused on the
domestic market. Therefore, I think they
would be less exposed if we do see
foreign bans. Whereas, I think Alibaba
CEO said even this week, you know, to
paraphrase him, you know, we're going
all in. We've got full stack solution.
We're going down the chip route, we're
going down the model route, you know,
tokenization, selling tokens. They've
even got a business called Token Hub.
So, that is clearly what they're
targeting
and therefore, that brings a greater
level of risk. I'd also say as well,
given the sort of effective penetration
pricing on these models at the moment,
tokens by and large within China,
whether that is within the domestic
market or externally, are sold at a
loss. Therefore, if you look at
companies like MiniMax and Jupu AI,
which is making the headlines recently,
rising agentic AI use and therefore,
rising token consumption will actually
widen their operating losses. And we saw
with Jupu, I think yesterday, there were
unconfirmed reports that it is planning
to come to the market and raise money.
And this comes, what, 5 months or 6
months after the IPO?
>> Yeah.
>> So, you know, Jupu is going to burn
through, and I use that a phrase, you
know, deliberately, they're going to
burn through close to 700 million US
dollars in cash. That's quite something
for a firm with around 600 developers.
>> Right, Rob. Thank you for talking us
through these risks there
for these firms. Bloomberg Intelligence
senior analyst Robert Lee. Here are some
of the other corporate stories we're
following. OpenAI has unveiled its first
[music] custom AI chip developed in
partnership with Broadcom. It's part of
a bid by OpenAI to gain an edge by
tailoring hardware to better run [music]
its AI products. Broadcom says the chip
called jalapeno is in testing and
showing cost savings of roughly 50%
compared with typical AI graphics
processing [music]
units.
Bloomberg has learned that Google is set
to lose two more leading AI researchers
to rival Anthropic. [music]
Sources tell us Jonas Adler and
Alexander Pritsel were viewed internally
as key contributors to Gemini. They're
the latest in a series [music] of
high-profile departures that risk
undercutting Google's position in the AI
race, Yvonne.
>> Well, Chinese solar manufacturer
JinkoSolar expects to break even this
year as government measures ease the
chronic overcapacity that has plagued
the sector. Global vice president Danny
Chan told us exclusively where they're
seeing opportunities and the impact of
the US-led war on Iran.
>> This year is a
pivotal year for
recovery to break even. So, and I'm so
optimistic through the year that profit
will recover to the normal level. Yeah.
>> So, do you think the break even can be
achieved this year?
>> Yes.
>> What is your most important market for
growth right now?
>> Middle East.
Asia, Southeast Asia particularly, and
the US because of the their the
explosive growth of data centers and
also their Europe here.
>> Is the Middle East business being
impacted by the Iran war?
>> Yes, sure. Sure.
>> How big of an impact?
>> I think it counts for
I think it counts for 25 of our whole
business.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. They are so ambitious. You know,
the region, especially Saudi Arabia and
the UAE, lay out some very ambitious
ambitious
plan and targets to
shifting from
their oil export to
their computing power and green power
export.
>> Mhm.
I'm curious about the US because
recently you have divested your stake in
your US factory and reduce your stake to
25%.
I I suppose it's to comply with
regulations, but does it mean you are
reducing your priority to expand in the
US?
>> Of course not. Yeah, we will This This
actually is just a It's just a you know,
I just have to comply with restrictions.
And
um
We will continue to further strengthen
our footprint in US because this market,
first it's a premium price market.
And it has low cost and a long-term
sustained demand for renewable
especially driven by the their data
centers explosion.
So, it's very important for us not only
the PV sector, but also the ESS
business.
>> But given the regulations to qualify for
these tax credits, does it mean that you
have to change the way you do business
in the US?
>> Yes, more flexible and more diversified
corporate models, but the joint partner,
joint investor, or others is
>> Let's talk about energy storage because
that has become a new emerging growth
driver for many solar companies. What is
your company's business outlay in the
ESS space?
>> The sales target for ESS business this
year is the
10 gigawatt hour to 12 gigawatt hour,
more than double in that of 2025.
>> Mhm.
>> And there in the next uh three or five
years, yes, mainly solar PV is still be
the dominant revenue and profit
contributor, but
the ESS sector
is growing so faster with annual growth
rate is about
um 100 to 150 project sold.
>> Mhm.
>> So, it will catch up.
>> What's your capex spending?
>> Yeah, it's a secret.
>> [laughter]
>> That's a secret.
>> It's a secret.
Don't worry about fund. Don't worry
about capital. So much capital waiting
for entry sector.
>> Right.
>> So, technology is most important, and
manufacture excellence to make it a real
product is a much more important.
Otherwise, technology is stay on in lag.
>> JinkoSolar Global Vice President Danny
Chan there speaking exclusively with
Memen Lo. Go coming up, China's luxury
shoppers are going top tier with fewer
intending to buy, but those who do
set to spend more [music] when it comes
to some of these ultra-premium brands.
Oliver Intelligence's Catherine Lim
joins us next for [music] more on what
they got what they learned about this
latest spending survey. This is the
China Show.
Yeah, we've been talking about this
two-track economy, right? When you talk
about consumption malaise versus booming
exports, and really this the the the
divergence that we're seeing across this
economy certainly is one thing that we
continue to track here. What does it
mean for the luxury sector in China,
right? Because when you take a look at
how the ultra wealthy are spending, yes,
there has been this rising trend where,
you know, consumers are becoming much
more selective. Bloomberg Intelligence
has a great survey that came out here
where they you know, it really looked
into not just category by category, but
also brand by brand. And what they found
was that when it came to timepieces, uh
handbags like Chanel, those seem to be
more of the favorites than we take a
look at some of the broader sort of
discretionary outlays out there. So
certainly a very interesting piece.
We're going to all break it down to you,
April. But yes, let's just talk a little
bit more about just how selective they
really are and how they define the slump
that we're seeing consumption.
>> Yeah, super interesting trends that our
BI team have uncovered, right? Let's get
more with BI senior consumer analyst
Catherine Lim. So, Cath, talk to us
about what you're seeing in the luxury
market. I mean, these shifts
uh whether it's jewelry, whether it's
bags.
>> Yeah, you know, I'm glad we're having
this conversation because we're going to
the summer holiday and we're going to
actually hopefully see some of that
spending coming through within China.
But I think you know, what is really
interesting is that if you actually look
at the respondents who have actually
shown an inclination to want to buy,
whether it's jewelry, watches, bags, or
even you know, premium um sportswear
clothing out there, more than 80% plans
to actually spend more um you know, than
they did um previously. So you know,
there is definitely some indications of
actually trading up for um a huge number
of these brands itself and I'm really
interested to actually see like you
know, in the next quarter when we run
this survey again, whether we're going
to see some signs of that.
>> You talk about brands. Yvonne mentioned
Chanel. Is that the one that stands out
to you? I mean
>> Right.
>> Which of the luxury makers that are
really benefiting?
>> Right. You know, again, we're talking
about so um the big um three or four
categories, whether it's jewelry, um do
you know, bags out there. And you know,
just focusing on these two for instance,
jewelry, um do you know, the Bulgaris,
LVMH Bulgaris, um Cartiers, and um Van
Cleef, they're neck to neck um do you
know, across the sector. But that said,
again, I think you know, there's so much
to digest with our surveys because we've
actually cut through um Beijing,
Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen as the
mega cities. And some of those trends
actually differ from the emerging tier
one cities like Chengdu, Hangzhou, you
know, for instance itself. But again,
the top three jewelry brands, the
Bulgari, the Cartiers, and then the Van
Cleef. Bags is of course, you know,
we've actually got very interestingly,
some of what I think is actually quite
representative of do you know, the
younger populations. Chanel, Dior, and
Hermes.
>> Yeah, I was just going to ask you that
on the demographics. What are you seeing
among millennials and what they aspire
towards when it comes to luxury buying?
>> Yeah, you know what, across the three
four sectors itself, the millennials
actually show the strongest inclination
to actually buy over the next 12 months,
whether again, do you know, it's
watches, jewelry, or even bags. Um what
I'll just like to highlight, you know,
just to complete the discussion, even
for gold jewelry, as we actually, you
know, conducted the survey when gold
prices was actually going down. We've
actually seen some inclination of them
wanting to actually buy more when gold
prices dip. So, do you know, again, I'm
really interested to actually see
whether that comes true over the next
couple of months.
>> Yeah, Catherine, do you think that some
of these trends are are sustainable? I
mean, what what do you think is driving?
I mean, people are talking about, you
know, emerging Chinese brands, but it
seems like a lot of these foreign brands
are still dominating the luxury sector
right now.
>> Right, Yuan. I hear you and um we have
two segments, the jewelry as well as the
bags where we actually dive into the
domestic brands. So, whether it's the
Chow Tai Fook, the Lao Po on the jewelry
side, and even on the bag side, I'm sure
some of you would have actually, you
know, also heard about Som Mot, um do
you know, Grotto. These are, I would
say, do you know, your premium, premium
luxury or, do you know, affordable
luxury, some calls it that. We actually
even had indications from respondents
that, you know what, they are aware of
these brands and they would buy them as
much as they will do with international
brands as long as the designs right.
>> Yeah, all right. Support local, right in
a way, I guess. Catherine, great to have
you talk through these uh pieces and
analysis that come out. Catherine Lim,
our senior consumer and tech analyst of
Bloomberg Intelligence. Subscribers can
read the full report on the Bloomberg
terminal now, as well. We'll continue
tracking [music]
on top of the luxury trends that we're
seeing markets in the region, as well.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Well, Canada's defense minister says
he's planning to send warships to the
Indo-Pacific in two deployments this
year, a bit to deepen military ties with
regional allies, even as it seeks closer
trade relations with China. David
McGuinty spoke exclusively to us as he
visits Tokyo and we asked him about
President Trump's push for allies to
spend more on their military.
>> Canada has upped its GDP spend on
defense to over 2% achieving the target
a full five years ahead of schedule. So,
we're very pleased now to get the
resources that we need to make these
investments. So, we are investing
heavily in rebuilding, rearming,
rebooting our Canadian Armed Forces. We
also have a new defense industrial
strategy where we're investing heavily
in Canadian companies, the defense
sector, and we need to do to do that
together with good partners like Japan.
>> The NATO
Secretary General trying to appeal to
President Trump's side when he came to
boosting their spending, it doesn't
necessarily seem to have worked. How is
your relationship with the United
States, especially military-to-military
security concerns?
>> Listen, we have a continental security
arrangement with the United States.
Matters of relationship, we have NORAD,
of course, which is the only bi-national
command in the world. It works well
together, but you know, this is about
now for Canada expanding in this area
here into the Indo-Pacific. I've had
meetings and arrangements with with
folks in Indonesia. The Philippine
Minister of Defense was in Canada 2
weeks ago for the first time. Korea,
Japan, of course. Australia just sold
their over-the-horizon radar system to
Canada, the largest single defense
export in Australian history. So, Canada
is moving coherently, systematically
into the region.
>> I mean, you are sending your warships to
the Indo-Pacific for port calls to
Japan, training as well exercises.
Is there a concern that that might be
seen negatively by China?
>> It's not new. We're recalibrating our
relationship with China, but we're also,
as I say, we can do both at the same
time. We can recalibrate, but on
defense, security, and intelligence,
we're also reaching out to like-minded,
values-driven, rules-based countries
like Japan.
And so far it is taking hold. People are
very receptive, welcoming Canada, but
the presence of of vessels in this area
is not not new for Canada.
>> When it comes to these exercises and
training in the region, we always see
them
very regularly, but very regularly we
also get negative reactions coming from
the likes of Beijing.
We have seen tensions increasing in the
Taiwan Strait. Now with geopolitical
flashpoints like Ukraine, does that give
Canada also a different sense of
responsibility when it comes to
different regions?
>> It would be It would be fair to say that
things have changed.
Tensions have changed. The geopolitical
has changed.
Canadians are realizing now that their
geography won't necessarily protect
them. We saw, for example, in the Middle
East,
Iran deploy a missile that actually
traveled 5,000 km when we've been told
for over two decades they had no such
missile in their arsenal. So, we
understand that that change. We
understand the threat landscape has
changed. But, we're managing our way
forward cautiously, thoughtfully. We're
building these relationships.
We're moving into the Indo-Pacific in a
way we we planned on doing so in 2017,
2018. The pandemic hit. And now that we
have more resourcing as a result of the
2% fund, and we're well on the way to
the 3.5% fund,
we are in a position now to do much
more.
>> And that was a Canadian Defense Minister
David McGuinty speaking exclusively in
Tokyo with Sherry.
All right, here are some of the global
stories that we're tracking for you
today. Venezuela has been hit by two of
the biggest earthquakes in its history,
toppling buildings in Caracas and
knocking down power lines and damaging
the capital's main airport. A magnitude
7.2 quake was followed less than a
minute later by an even larger tremor
measuring 7.5.
Terrified families remain in the streets
as the capital was hit by aftershocks.
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio has
met the leaders of the UAE and Kuwait as
he looks to reassure Gulf allies over
the interim peace agreement [music] with
Iran. It comes after Iran and Oman said
they were looking on an agreement
[music] over the Strait of Hormuz.
Speaking in Kuwait City, Rubio sought to
ease concerns over the prospect [music]
of tolling in the strategic waterway.
>> When we mean open the straits, we mean
open the straits
free in international waterways. I know
of no country on the planet that
supports tolling or fee for the use of
the straits. That's just not That's not
going to happen. The president has been
abundantly clear.
>> Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi
has unveiled a long-term economic plan
featuring massive spending in AI and
chips
>> [music]
>> along with other key sectors including
defense, space, and shipbuilding. It
calls for more than 2.3 trillion dollars
of investment in the fiscal year through
2021. Commenters say the plan is
unprecedented in scale and scope while
also lacking details.
All right, we're checking markets here
this morning and oil certainly is going
to be a front and facing theme here. We
continue to see the cooling when it
comes to Shanghai futures. We [music] do
see the likes of WTI sub 70 at one point
there. Brent also erasing all the gains
that we've seen since this [music] Iran
war began. So there you go. We continue
to watch some of the oil plays heading
hot lower today. We're also watching
when it comes to these are some of the
big moves that we're seeing across Hong
Kong here. 8% drop for Trip.com.
Earnings came out, did miss estimates as
well. Sunny [music] Optical also lower
by 8%. That's it for us here on the
China show.